Hi.
Hi. Good to see you. Yeah. Welcome
to the club. Good to see you again.
Yes. How are you?
Thank you for coming.
- Hi. guys.
- Congratulations.
- Enjoy tonight. will you? Thanks.
- Wonderful. Great.
Good to see you. Glad you could make it.
Come on in. Have a good time.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
Twenty years ago. these people
wouldn't even let me in their homes.
Now they'd elect me governor.
Smile for the newspapers. Quentin.
It's the only thing in Tampa I don't own.
Well. not yet.
- How's your drink?
- Perfect.
Where are the twins?
There's some idle chit-chat about you
and a Russian boat.
Father would disapprove.
Well. Father doesn't need to know.
- Go with him.
- No.
It's my deal.
So I'm gonna get a 3-to-1 return
on my money?
Bobby. he's the real deal.
I met him at a hash bar in Amsterdam.
He speaks Russian. German. Arabic...
Mr. Astrov's trust is not gained easily.
Two years it took me.
You see. Micky. he doesn't like new faces.
So tell me. why am I looking at a new face?
Otto Krieg. meet my friend. Bobby.
He's helping me with the financing.
He's not a cop.
Let's see the money.
You like it?
Yeah. I like it.
We have deal?
We have deal.
- Bring them down!
- Move!
Move in!
This is the FBI. Put your hands in the air.
What is this?
You brought a cop. Micky.
and he brought his fucking friends!
Don't look at me.
This is not good. My father's gonna kill me.
You're under arrest for the importation
and sale of contraband firearms.
- Gun! Gun!
- Drop the gun!
- Shoot him!
Otto!
This is not my deal.
This is not my deal!
I don't even know these guys!
Cease fire!
Team Two. let's go.
Holy shit.
Bobby.
Stay down.
I'm calling it. It's 1:37 a.m.
Bag him and ship him.
God. I hate this job.
- Give me a hand. fellows.
- Yeah.
Hurry up. Frank.
we gotta get you out of here.
- What the hell happened? Who's the kid?
- Well. it was definitely not in the plan.
- But we beat the spread.
- This isn't football.
- Yeah. it's a figure of speech.
- People weren't supposed to die out there.
Get them ID'd and get them to the morgue.
- And get me my pants!
- Can we get some pants over here?
- Ah. shit.
- Surprise!
To Frank Castle...
the finest soldier. the finest undercover op.
the finest man I've ever known.
What am I gonna do without you?
Get a girlfriend.
You son of a bitch. Never do that again.
Remember that watch you gave me
13 years ago?
Small payment for saving my life.
Hell. that Iraqi would have missed anyway.
It was sweet for you to wait. Jim.
Here. Now we both have one. Frank.
Jesus. Jimmy.
Have fun in Puerto Rico. man.
Say hello to your folks.
Thanks.
Agent Weeks.
He's Robert Saint. Howard Saint's son.
More paperwork for Tampa PD.
No. we can handle this.
- Stay out of the casino!
- What. me?
- See you. fellas!
- See you. buddy!
Come on.
Bail him out. Bring him to the club.
Don't hit me. Don't hit me.
- Hey. Micky.
- Don't hit me.
You sell homegrown pot by the ounce.
Micky. not by the barrel.
You sell badly forged fake passports
to Haitians.
So what inspired you to become
the Mr. Universe
of international arms dealers?
Micky. you should apologize for the death
of Mr. Saint's youngest child.
Okay. I know how it looks.
But Bobby. he buys pot from me.
And when he found out what I was doing.
he insisted on coming in.
He put up half the cash.
He came of his own free will.
If you're gonna kill me. will you
leave my face alone. for my mother?
We just made your bail.
Now if I wanted to kill you. I would have
left you in jail where we have friends.
And in some way that I can only describe
as deeply pornographic.
you would have been killed.
But you're a small piece of shit.
and I don't want the karma of your death
on my soul.
But on the other hand. maybe I don't
believe in karma. so. guys...
No. no.
I'll tell you anything you wanna know.
Okay. then this'll be quick.
I wanna know one thing only.
Who brokered the deal?
His name is Otto Krieg.
And if it's any comfort to Mr. Saint.
he's dead. too.
Well. it's not.
It's actually no comfort at all.
But what might be comforting to me
is to watch the slow death of the man who
was supposed to be taking care of my son
and making sure
that he did not get into trouble.
Now. Micky.
What would your father think of this?
Your father. who gave his life for me.
what would he say?
I didn't know it was gonna happen like this.
Please.
Well. ignorance is no excuse.
The man who's responsible
for my son's death must die.
I told you to never let him out of your sight.
Mr. Saint. Bobby told me to stay.
Tell him. John. John!
Mr. Saint. it was Bobby's idea.
He wanted to go alone. He thought
he could impress you or something.
Thank you for that explanation.
My son didn't need to impress me.
More boxes. guys.
This was a hard one.
This was the last one.
It's over.
Tell that to your son.
He doesn't believe me.
- Where is he?
- You know.
You know what I miss most about Buck?
He could catch a ball.
No matter how hard you threw it.
he was right there.
- Why are we always moving?
- This is the last time.
You said that last time.
I did?
Yeah.
You said we were leaving California
and we were gonna move to Virginia.
and you'd work in Washington...
and we'd never move again.
I guess I've said a lot of things. huh?
So why London?
London's a safe place
where we can all be together.
No more moving around. I promise.
Someday when you're older. Will...
I'll tell you why we had to move so much.
He was such a special boy.
Mr. Saint. are you identifying this body
as your son. Robert Saint?
He deserved better.
Somebody lied to him.
Promised him one thing. gave him another.
Do you know that I used to have
to dress him till he was 13?
I would tie his ties. comb his hair.
I'll have to get him a new suit.
Who is Otto Krieg?
Who are the people who work for him?
Who are his friends?
Who would stand to make money
from this deal? Tell me.
We can't talk about the case. Mr. Saint.
Now. I understand your grief.
but for your own safety.
leave this to professionals.
Professionals? Yes.
I'll do that.
Goodbye. Son.
We called New York. we called Las Vegas.
we called Europe and Hong Kong.
we even got the Sicilians in it
for old times' sake.
What about Weeks?
FBI Special Agent James Weeks.
age 37. former Green Beret.
Recruited by the FBI eight years ago.
Recently assigned
to the Bureau's Florida division.
Divorced. Pays his taxes. avoids hookers.
No drug problems.
One note of interest.
He frequents an establishment in Ybor City
owned by two of our clients.
the Toro brothers.
He gambles?
Roulette when he's up.
Blackjack when he's down.
It sounds like fate to me.
As far as Weeks is concerned.
a man who gambles has a history.
I can guarantee you that.
Let's go.
Hoyo de Monterrey.
The best.
For 10 years. we've done business.
Ten years you've handled our money and
this is the first time you come to my office.
This is actually the first time you guys
have seen where the money comes from.
You never invited me
to your house. Howard.
And I know you're not a silver spooner
any more than me.
So why not be social?
My son is dead.
We didn't kill him.
I didn't say you did.
I can't bring him back. Howard.
So. if you think I'm Jesus Christ.
you came to the wrong church.
That man knows who killed my son.
We can kill him right now. Howard.
if that's what you want.
Just talk. Just talk to him. that's all.
Good. Can I get in here?
Let's go here.
Let's share that spot.
Hey! That's it. We're good.
You lay one hand on me.
and 50 Federal agents will be here
in the morning with warrants.
- No shit.
Go get your warrants.
"Hey. your honor. we wanna bust
this illegal gambling joint.
"'cause I lost 200 grand."
You'll be a meter maid before breakfast.
They'll suspend me for a month.
slap me on the wrist.
That's what you get the first time.
What are you talking about?
Clipped a couple of paychecks.
everything's hunky-dory. huh?
But twice. not so hunky. not so dory.
Read the numbers. Joe.
Jimmy Weeks. May 3. you lost 27 grand.
May 17. 43.
June 12. 134 grand.
You've already sold everything you own.
So how did you pay?
Yeah. How did you pay?
A friend of ours downtown works
in the Federal evidence locker.
where all the seized cash and drugs go.
This guy says there is 200 Gs missing.
Wait a minute. Joe. This is a coincidence.
Yeah. but wait. Aren't you
the supervising agent down there?
I think you're going to jail.
You don't get a wrist slap in jail.
Agent Weeks.
You get a bitch slap.
Sit down.
If I wanted you killed.
it would have been done.
I need you.
A couple of nights ago.
I asked you about Otto Krieg.
May I pose that question again?
Now. I'm no fool.
So don't treat me like one.
Otto Krieg.
That's not his name.
Fives.
- Come on.
- That was cool.
Leave it. We'll be back.
- Race you?
- Yeah.
Got anything left?
I don't see it. Come on.
He did his free ascent on the first try.
I've seen Navy SEALs do worse.
- All right. great. honey.
- That's what we like to hear.
- I'm so proud of you.
- Good job. babe.
Hey. Frank. is that that Candelaria?
Yeah. Manuel.
People around here call him a witch doctor.
He lives on that island way off the point.
Only one damn fool I know
crazy enough to swim over there.
Gee. let me guess.
This is the first family reunion we've had
in five years.
And that's too long. That's too long.
Amen.
Two families that.
when you put them together. you get...
You get this. my grandson!
I just wanna say that
I'm very happy that you're all here.
I'm very proud that you're all here.
And that I love you.
- We love you. too.
- Love you. too. Dad.
- Salud.
- Salud! Cheers!
Hey.
- Hey.
- What happened? What's wrong?
I... You know...
I can't believe I'm home.
And that I could ever be so lucky.
Because there were times. Maria.
I gotta tell you...
Frank.
I lost so much time. with both of you.
- And I'm really sorry...
- Stop. Hey. hey. hey.
I married you. I knew what I was doing.
And I'd do it again.
You and I. we're not lucky.
We are blessed.
I'll see you at home. Son.
His name's Frank Castle.
Senior agent.
Just got the Bureau's London desk.
His alias. connections.
apartments in Europe.
none of it was real. not even his death.
Well. maybe it was.
Maybe he died and came back to life
so he could die again.
You have your chance.
He's leaving for England next week
and he's at a family reunion in Puerto Rico.
I think you should be there.
so you can come back
and tell Livia how he died.
- All right.
- Wait.
His family.
His whole family.
Is that what you want?
- Morning.
- Hey.
- We should have another.
- I'm ready.
Another what?
Morning. Will.
Come here.
They were selling T-shirts in town.
One of them was really scary.
The guy in the shop said
it wards off evil spirits.
It's really intense.
You know about this?
Let's see here...
- This is interesting.
- Like it?
Like it?
I love it. Thanks.
Thanks.
- Here you go. Where's the camera? Okay.
- Come on. Mom. Come on.
- Come on. Mom. You gotta see this.
- What?
Your 1911 Colts.
You've done something to them.
You could say that.
I bored the chambers
and customized the triggers
and added some compensators.
They used to be pretty good.
but now they're nail drivers.
Well. let's see.
Hey. Mom.
- Look.
- Wow. Look at that. It's a stingray.
Yeah.
- Mom?
- God. no. no!
Get down. honey. Get down.
Get over here.
Get under the boat. Get under it.
Jesus.
Okay. I'm gonna count to three. and we're
gonna run to the jeep. Okay. honey?
- What about Dad?
- Dad'll be okay.
One. two. three.
Dad.
Go. honey.
You hang on. honey.
Mom.
You okay?
Mom's gonna get help. okay?
No!
Come on. baby.
- Get out of the car.
- Mom. my arm.
Come on. honey. you can do it. Come on.
- My arm. Mom. my arm.
- I know. baby.
But we have to keep moving. okay?
I need you to be a big boy.
and you have to keep moving. okay?
Okay.
Help!
Somebody help me!
Come on. baby!
Mom. here. Grandpa's boat.
Run. honey!
No. Maria!
My mother and father send their regards.
This time they're not blanks.
Maria...
It's me. Castle. Candelaria.
I'll take care of you.
Palmer. you gonna make love to that car.
or are you gonna park it?
Get that junk out of here!
Thank you.
Come on. fellows.
Big crowd tonight. Mr. Saint.
- You look beautiful. Mrs. Saint.
- Little prick.
Holy shit.
- To Bobby.
To a score settled.
Quentin. dance with Liv.
- When did you speak to him?
- About an hour ago. Mr. Saint.
He just said the Toros are starting...
Try the Grand Turk.
I got something for you.
Harry Winston.
Beautiful.
Without you. they're just diamonds.
I asked you to avenge our son.
and you did.
Thank you.
Vaya con Dios. Castle.
Go with God.
God's gonna sit this one out.
You are insignificant.
You are a coward.
You are a great disappointment
to your mother and I!
Yes! Die! Die! Die!
I am the most amazing man in the world!
It's really loud.
Is it supposed to be that loud?
Oh. it's beautiful.
He hasn't slept all week.
- How do you know?
- 'Cause I haven't slept all week.
What do you think he does?
- Maybe he's an artist.
- Wow! Our neighbor is an artist.
Yeah. and you're the expert on artists?
I've known a few.
So what do you think he's doing?
Ask him.
Oh. yeah. right. "Ask him."
I'm late for work.
- Bye. Joan.
Bye.
This is undignified.
You're supposed to be dead.
Let's talk.
Stay away from me. Castle.
I have friends. you know?
Let's talk about your friends.
Make your own friends. buddy.
I'm not saying nothing.
I talk to you. they'll kill me.
You don't help me. I'll kill you now. Mick.
The Saints tell me nothing.
Nothing?
They pay your rent...
your legal bills.
You should know something.
What's the torch for?
2.000 degrees. Mick.
Enough to turn steel into butter.
It won't hurt at first. It's too hot. you see?
The flame sears the nerve endings shut.
killing them.
You'll go into shock and all you'll feel is...
cold.
Isn't science fun. Micky?
I don't know shit!
You'll smell burning meat. and then...
Then it'll hurt.
I swear I'm telling the truth!
Son of a bitch!
Oh. my God.
Should we call the police?
Let's stay out of it. He's a very scary man.
- He's killing someone. and we're next.
- Exactly.
No. no... Wait. wait...
Smell that. Mick?
I'm burning off some of your fat.
I'll tell you anything. anything.
anything you want to know.
- That's a good boy.
- Okay. okay.
Any discussion of Howard Saint's business
involves two Cubans.
the Toro brothers.
They control all the prostitution
and gambling up and down the Gulf Coast.
Tons of cash.
They give their dirty money
to Howard Saint.
who transports it in cigarette boats
to his banks in Grand Cayman.
washes it and wires it back.
clean as a whistle.
For the love of God...
You are not a nice person.
So what's up. you're gonna string up
Howard Saint and blowtorch him?
I like that idea...
but I have something better.
And guess what?
You're gonna help me.
Unless you wanna stay Howard Saint's
lackey for the rest of your life.
I hate the Saints. all of them.
Tell me about them.
What they do. where. when.
Howard Saint's a man of strict habits.
He has first tee time five days a week
at Tampa Springs.
Never fails.
He likes money. he likes power.
But the thing this guy covets most?
The wife. Livia.
What happened to your family.
Howard did that for her.
She's just like him.
and she's just as predictable.
Every Thursday she works out.
gets her nails done and goes to the movies.
Howard knows
every move this broad makes.
Any man who looks at her wrong.
he ends up in Tampa Bay.
Let's not forget Johnny boy.
the son you didn't kill.
What a putz.
Last but not least. Quentin Glass.
Been with Howard 20 years.
The family consigliere. lawyer. CPA.
and a sadist.
Who knows what's going on with this guy?
- Yes?
- Pop. you're not gonna believe this.
Oh. I think I might.
Chief Morris. will the budget cuts mean
less officers on the street?
- How will this affect your ability...
- Thank you. No comment.
What impact will all this have
on police layoffs?
- Castle?
- Just a minute. the Frank Castle?
Hey. I thought you were dead.
Hold on. Hold on. Whoa. hold...
- Hey. Jimmy.
- Jesus. Frank.
Where have you been?
I got shot. I woke up.
That's what I remember.
You subpoena me. that's what I'll say.
It's been five months since my family
was killed. I don't see one man in jail.
Obviously you're upset.
Upset? Is that the word?
I used to get upset when I had a flat tire.
I used to get upset
when a plane was delayed.
when the Yankees won the Series.
So if that's what "upset" means.
then how do I feel now?
If you know the word. tell me.
because I don't.
Castle. if you're not gonna cooperate.
we're gonna have to...
Wait. wait. This man has been through hell.
Who's he supposed to trust right now?
Let's get him to a safe house.
I don't want a safe house. Jimmy.
I don't want Witness Protection.
I don't want anything.
All I wanna know is who gave me up.
Don't be a stranger. Jim.
Castle. where have you been?
Taxi!
Get up. Wheel the money out.
Fill that up.
You know whose money this is?
- You know whose building this is?
- Howard Saint's.
He's gonna fuck your life up.
He already fucked my life up.
Now. out the window.
What?
Out the window.
Good business. murder?
Does Saint pay you for each one.
or does he get a group-rate discount?
Our top story this morning.
a double homicide in downtown Tampa.
Two men were gunned down
in the lobby of the Saint Building...
Now to our other breaking story...
Francis Castle is alive and back in Tampa.
You may remember.
Castle's the FBI agent presumed dead...
- after his family's gangland killing.
- He speaks six languages.
he did two tours
with 12th Special Ops CTU.
- What's CTU?
- Counter Terrorism Unit.
...at this hour. Right now.
Tampa police do not have a motive
and no arrests have been made.
That's the latest news at this hour.
We'll have more on this developing story...
It's him.
Hi there.
I just wanna say that
I'm very happy that you're all here.
I'm very proud that you're all here.
I guess I've said a lot of things.
We're not lucky. We are blessed.
Maria!
How is he still alive?
I don't know. Quentin. I wasn't there.
Why is he still alive?
Now that. that's an interesting question.
Maybe he's still alive because he was
meant to suffer more. I don't know.
But how can we make him suffer
if we can't find him?
He's daring us.
No. no.
He misses his family and he wants to die.
He's asking for help. so let's help him.
The Toros called?
They'll be here tomorrow morning.
You invited them to this house?
They invited themselves. Howard.
Mike. Joe. Welcome.
- Let's get a drink.
- We don't have time for that. Howard.
Oh. my God. this weather.
Yeah. just a little polluted.
don't you think so?
I've seen hurricanes.
I've seen it rain like cats and dogs.
But never in all my years
have I seen it rain $100 bills.
Yeah. this rainmaker. Castle.
he was supposed to be dead. no?
- Yeah.
- Guys. look.
Come on.
Working together for 10 years.
first time anything like this ever happened.
At a personal loss to us
of $50 million. Howard.
that's one time too many.
Do you want us to find another banker?
No.
Okay.
Look. we want our money back. all right?
And we want protection
on the next shipment.
Do you guarantee our money this time?
With everything I've got.
In 48 hours. Castle's a memory.
A pro from Memphis. The best.
You know. I spoke at your funeral.
What did you say?
I said it was hard to imagine you dead.
Anything you can imagine. Jimmy.
there's always something worse.
You called to tell me that?
Frank. I need you to get out of town.
Let me handle this.
Let me find out who set you up
before they find you.
I'm hoping they find me.
You're not thinking straight.
You're gonna end up a dead man.
I'm already dead.
So. listen. guy. Take care.
Think about what I said.
What happened to your Porsche. Jimmy?
You used to love that car.
Hey. man.
Patriotic. I wanted to buy American.
Come on. Joanie.
Open up the goddamn door. or I'll kill you.
I'm fucking freezing. bitch!
You're hurting my feelings.
I wanna talk with you now. honey.
Joanie. open up the goddamn door!
You're hurting my feelings. you bitch!
Dude?
It's kind of late.
Yeah? What time is it in Hawaii?
You should leave right now.
Shut your face. you lardass.
Joanie. come on. baby. let me in.
I'm gonna call the cops.
Are you?
You'll call the cops?
You wanna call the cops?
Call them. call them. call them!
- Call them. call them. call them!
- Hey.
Get out.
What. what. what?
Mikey don't have his tricks anymore?
And the speed? Huh?
What. what. what...
You shouldn't play with knives.
No one's ever stood up for me before.
Come on. champ.
Let's get some ice on that.
Come on. Frank kicked his ass. huh?
He's fine. He's all right.
I...
I've lived in seven cities in seven years.
and in each one. I've managed to find
the one guy who will treat me the worst.
But I'm trying to fix that.
You're Castle.
Used to be.
We saw you on TV.
I don't have one.
I'm Joan.
Dave's the one with all the metal.
And Bumpo's the...
Well. you can probably figure out
which one Bumpo is.
We're really sorry.
About what?
About your family.
Did you know them?
No.
I'm over it.
Don't let your memories kill you.
They won't kill me.
- Glass.
- Quentin Glass?
Who is this?
I have certain photographic studies
of you and your boyfriend.
Meet me at the bar at the Wyndham Hotel.
Bring $5.000. and I'll give you the photos.
You wouldn't want Howard Saint
to see them. Mr. Glass.
Thank you. sir. Have a good night.
Quentin's late. Do you know where he is?
I have no idea.
Have you seen your mother?
It's Thursday. Pop.
Right. Movies.
Mr. Saint? I know where Mr. Glass is.
I saw him pulling into the Wyndham Hotel
a couple of hours ago.
That was good. I never...
Howard? Come here.
I was just telling Quentin about the movie.
Where have you been. Quentin?
I've been looking for you.
I dozed off out by the pool.
That's funny.
What's funny?
Micky said that he saw you
at the Wyndham.
Micky should have his eyes checked.
So he's mistaken?
Yes. Howard. he's mistaken.
Oh. my goodness.
These pancakes are really good. Joan.
What's he been doing for the last few days?
Drinking.
A lot.
Good morning. sir. Sit anywhere you like.
I can hear what you're thinking
All your doubts and fears
And if you look in my eye
In time you'll find the reason I'm here
And in time all things shall pass away
In time you may come back someday
To live once more
Or die once more
But in time your time will be no more
- Do I know you?
- I know you.
You're that boy in the newspaper.
Came back from the dead.
I didn't catch your name.
You like that song?
I wrote that for you.
I'm gonna sing it at your funeral.
You are one dumb son of a bitch.
bringing a knife to a gunfight.
Frank. what are you doing here?
I've come to a conclusion.
If I wanna find peace.
I'm not gonna find it in Tampa.
So I'm going.
- Where?
- I don't know.
Come on. man. You can tell me.
- I'll send you a post card.
- Cool.
Listen. I got to run.
You going somewhere. you need a ride?
No.
I'm gonna go smoke some cigarettes.
You don't smoke.
Come on. let's move. Let's move!
All of it? All?
Look at this. Joe.
- This is what I'm talking about.
- Don't fucking touch me. cojones.
Don't tell the Toros till we have a plan.
Look at this place. Isn't it beautiful?
Howard.
we had chicken a la Havana tonight.
Very tasty.
Don't touch the Cubans.
Have you heard the news?
A shipment of cash was torched
on Mullet Key.
Whose money was it. huh?
Our mother always put her cash
in the mattress.
which I thought it was a good idea.
Till the house burned down.
It was a big fire. She lost everything.
That's what happens
when you don't watch your money.
You lose everything. Howard. Everything.
Fourteen shipments are perfect.
One went bad and I get this.
Why? Because you want to scare me?
There's no insurance in this business.
you know that.
So I'm not covering your fucking losses.
And. Mike. if you don't like it.
just remember one thing.
I've got more guns than you do.
It's not even Cuban. Howard.
It's Honduran.
They're animals.
With all due respect.
we don't have more guns.
- It's my duty to...
- It's your duty to make Castle dead!
I don't care what it takes. what it costs.
Call The Russian.
Here. Now we both have one. Frank.
Hi.
Mr. Castle. we need your help right now.
because the guy who's after Joan
is in her apartment right now.
We want you to have dinner with us.
I know it's not Thanksgiving.
but I'd like us to all say
what we're thankful for.
I'll start.
I'm thankful to be alive this year.
And to have a job.
And to be sober.
Yeah. I'm thankful
for my mom getting out of jail.
You know. it's cool.
And this girl gave me her number.
which is also cool.
Thanks for leftovers. I'm full.
Thanks for Diet Pepsi.
And thanks for good neighbors.
Thanks for dinner.
There's dessert.
Ice Florentine.
You have to try my Ice Florentine.
Come on. Dave.
Come on. I need your help.
No. no. I'll do that.
I know what it's like.
I know what it's like
to try and make your memories go away.
You can make new memories.
Good ones.
Good memories can save your life.
I'm not what you're looking for.
Did you feel that?
No. no. no.
Mr. Castle?
Frank?
I'm fine.
He's not.
- We've gotta get him to a hospital.
- He needs a doctor.
- You need a doctor.
- No hospital. no police.
- Okay. all right. All right.
- I know what he wants.
Okay. Okay.
Jesus.
Well. it sure looks like
you know what you're doing. Joan.
I don't know much.
but I'm good with a needle.
Don't ask. This will hurt.
He looks weak.
Is he gonna die?
Appearances aren't everything.
You can let go now.
- We have to move him.
- Where? There's no place to go.
What do we do?
Elevator.
Nice.
Okay. come on. Let's go.
Careful.
Where's Castle?
Frank Castle. who lives here.
I asked you a question. fat man.
Leave him alone.
Then I'll ask you.
Where's Castle?
He's not here.
Really?
Are you sure?
What did you say?
I'm having a difficult time hearing you.
I said...
I'm not saying shit.
Well. I don't want you to say shit.
I want you to answer me.
You don't wanna say anything
about anything you might know?
Maybe we should get to know each other
a little better.
What's your name?
Dave.
You go to school around here?
- You don't go to school?
- No.
No. I dropped out.
You dropped out?
You're not doing drugs. are you?
Not right now.
And what are you doing with all this stuff?
What is that?
Piercings.
Piercings? Did it hurt when you do that?
Little bit.
You like that?
- When it hurt a little bit?
- No.
That's a special one there. isn't it?
Is that your favorite?
- That's hard to get.
- Yeah.
Answer my question. please.
No.
- Come here. Come here.
- No.
What's the matter?
Your friend's about to have a bad day.
You can save him by talking.
It doesn't have to be this way.
You think you know about pain. boy?
You think you know about pain?
That's okay. That's okay.
Are you gonna tell me?
Dave? Little Dave?
- Are you gonna tell me?
- No!
Okay. why don't you and I just see
if we can discover the true nature of pain?
Stop.
Come here. Dave.
Come on. Dave. come on.
- You wanna talk to me?
- No!
You can talk to me.
- Talk to me. Dave.
- No!
If they knew. they would have talked.
They must not have known.
If... When he shows up.
kill him.
- Go ahead.
- Castle's alive. The Russian's dead.
- Where's Quentin?
- Home. I'm at the office.
Close the club. Get everyone in.
We're going hunting.
I'll be back after 10:00.
Darling? It's Thursday.
Bye. sweetie.
Look what they did to him.
They tried to make me talk.
I gave them nothing.
You don't know me.
You don't owe me anything.
I've brought you nothing but trouble.
Why are you ready to die for me?
'Cause you're one of us.
You're family.
Get him to a hospital.
Come on. champ.
they'll get you all fixed up.
Say you kill them all.
Then what?
What makes you any different from them?
They have something to lose.
You're gonna die tonight. aren't you?
Is that what you want?
I leave this as a declaration of intent.
so no one will be confused.
One."Si vis pacem. para bellum."
Latin.
The boot camp sergeant made us
recite it like a prayer.
"Si vis pacem. para bellum."
"If you want peace. prepare for war."
Glass.
Quentin. those pictures of you.
I changed my mind.
The number's now $10.000.
Be at McNab's.
the men's store on Broadway. at 9:00 p.m..
or they'll have their own website.
- Listen to me. you son of...
- Remember. 9:00 p.m.
Just do it. Glass.
- Duka speaking.
- You're on.
Mr. Saint.
how do you want me to pay for this?
Pay for what?
I was detailing Mrs. Saint's car
and I found this ticket.
Just take care of it. Where was it?
The Wyndham Hotel.
- What's that date?
- September 5.
Last Thursday.
Where did you say Quentin was
last Thursday?
The Wyndham Hotel.
But Mrs. Saint was at the movies
last Thursday. I mean. wasn't she?
- Do you have a key for Quentin's house?
- Sure.
I do his laundry.
Micky?
Get me last month's phone bill.
Yes. sir.
Need help with some underpants. sir?
Go fuck yourself.
Evening. Quentin.
Howard.
- What are you doing here?
- Jim Bowie.
Excuse me?
You know. Jim Bowie. the colonel.
the man who died in the Alamo.
Had a knife named after him.
He was a gambler.
And when he was accused
of cheating at cards.
what he would do is.
he would take the guy in the other room.
move the furniture like so.
Then he'd take his knife.
He'd throw it in the ground.
And the one that left
got the money.
Gee. I didn't know that. Howard.
The only problem is
that you have too much furniture.
I'm not following this.
- I'm accusing you.
- Of what?
Cheating.
I've never taken a cent from you.
Where were the two of you
gonna do it next time. the Wyndham?
- Two who?
- You and the whore.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You're good.
You should have been a stage actor.
Maybe next lifetime.
What are you doing?
You better pick up the knife. Quentin.
'cause if you don't. I will.
I don't need to grab a knife. Howard.
This isn't funny. Howard.
What...
How long have you worked for me?
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Have you lost your mind...
You were my brother.
I gave you everything. denied you nothing.
But it wasn't enough.
My Liv.
What has she told you?
Don't do this... Don't...
Don't do this!
Don't. don't. don't do this. Howard!
Howard. Howard. you're killing me.
You're killing me. Why?
Why are you killing me?
How was work?
Why is that gun pointed at me?
It's how I say hi to everyone these days.
What did happen to your Porsche. Jimmy?
I told you. "buy American."
I didn't see your fishing boat outside.
Well. you know what they say
about owning boats.
The two happiest days are the day
you buy it and the day you sell it.
They say that about TVs and stereos?
Wristwatches?
I had my money in hi-tech stocks.
Broker kept telling me.
"Don't sell. Don't sell."
I'm an old soldier. I follow orders.
And now I'm broke. Get off my back.
Okay. Jimmy.
I get it.
Why did you call me the other day. Jimmy?
Why didn't you run
when you saw that I was still alive?
- How long have you known?
- You mean for certain?
Enough to. say. bet on?
Not till now.
- I'm sorry. Frank.
- Me. too.
I'm not a betting man. Jimmy.
- I'll tell you who did it.
- You did it.
- Saint did it!
- No. you did it.
You called the other day 'cause you're sick.
You need my help.
That's what friends are for. right?
Well. here I am.
I'm here to help.
- What are you gonna do?
- I'm not gonna do anything.
You are.
Frank. I...
Let's say goodbye like the friends
we were. huh? Not like animals.
- I can't do it.
- You can and you will.
- You do it.
- No.
What the hell are you doing?
I know about you and Quentin.
Quentin?
You went to the movies
last Thursday. 8:00?
Yes.
Then at 9:00 you called him from your car?
Must have been a short movie.
Howard. there's an explanation.
Oh. I know.
You're fucking him.
You're fucking my best friend.
That would be
a little hard to accomplish. Howard.
Oh. so true.
So true.
Howard.
You should really learn
to pay your parking tickets.
I don't know what...
You thought we...
Howard. Quentin was gay.
You'd say anything!
I don't know what happened.
Would you just talk to me?
Howard. Howard.
Howard.
You have to listen to me.
Please. Howard.
Do you recognize the neighborhood?
Little Cuba?
Just think.
the first time I saw you
was only three blocks from here.
Look at me. Howard.
Of course. then the neighborhood was
so much more colorful.
Look at me. Howard. please.
Please. Howard.
Now it's just for whores. You'll fit right in.
Look at that rock! Look at it! Take a look!
I gave you that when I had nothing.
And all I asked for in return was loyalty.
I have been loyal to you. Howard.
You're not making any sense!
I'm not making sense? Here. look at this.
I found that in Quentin's bed.
Does that make enough sense for you?
- No. No.
- No?
Me neither.
I'd like to go to the club.
I need a martini.
$50.000 apiece.
And $50.000 more to the man who kills him.
If you accept this money.
you're in till it's over.
Where have you been?
- Where's Quentin?
- Oh. well.
he's wrapped up in something.
- I called home. no one was there.
- Your mother's gone.
- What?
- She took the train.
Number two. Frank Castle is dead.
He died with his family.
Number three.
in certain extreme situations.
the law is inadequate.
In order to shame its inadequacy.
it is necessary to act outside the law.
to pursue natural justice.
This is not vengeance.
Revenge is not a valid motive.
it's an emotional response.
No. not vengeance.
Punishment.
Hey. Eddie.
more champagne on the double.
Coming right up.
Stop!
You look like a strong kid.
You must work out.
Ever try isometrics?
This antipersonnel mine weighs
eight pounds.
Not much.
But try holding it with an outstretched arm.
Hell of a workout.
Don't leave me like this.
Don't leave me like this!
Help. please.
Howard Saint.
Howard Saint!
You took everything from me.
You killed my son.
No!
Both of them.
I made you kill your best friend.
I made you kill your wife.
Oh. God.
And now I've killed you.
You're right.
Good memories can save your life.
When Dave gets out of the hospital.
check the cupboard.
I left something. For all of you.
You're leaving.
I have work to do.
Read your newspaper every day.
You'll understand.
Which section?
Obituaries.
Those who do evil to others.
the killers. the rapists.
psychos. sadists.
you will come to know me well.
Frank Castle is dead.
Call me
The Punisher.